When logged into Kye, you and
your contacts can Kee track of
each other's availability with
the presence indicators.
You can set your own presence
status by clicking the colored
dot next to your name.
Active is green and means that
you're actively using your
computer and are generally
available to receive messages
and calls.
This doesn't mean that you have
to receive and reply to messages
right away, but it's a good idea
to set your status to let your
friends and coworkers know your
availability so they have a
better idea of when they might
get a reply from you.
O You can set your status to
Away if you're away from your
computer in a meeting an so on
which turns your icon yellow and
that lets your contacts know
that you may not respond right
away, but that you're still able
to receive messages.
And Do Not Disturb not only
turns the presence indicator
red, but it will also mute
notifications about incoming
messages.
O You truly won't be disturbed
by people trying to text or call
you.
Your contacts will still see
that you're logged into Kye, but
the red indicator will let them
know that you aren't receiving
notifications at the moment.
And for times when you want to
remain on Kye but not show U as
online, you can choose the
invisible option.
I'll set mine back to active.
Now, regardless of someone's
presence indicator, you can send
them a text message at anytime
by clicking their name in your
contact list and then just start
tying a message.
I'll ress enter to send that
message to Jade.
Now when I see Jade's icon or
initials appear below that
message, that tells me that
she's seen the message and
notice that when she starts
replying, see a message here
that Jade is typing and now I've
received a reply from Jade and I
can again reply to her.
Now I can see that Jade has set
her status to away, so I know
that I might not receive a reply
right away.
OI can just leave Kye running to
check in with my other contacts
or while I do other work on my
computer and that's how to have
a textbased conversation in Kye.